# Statement on DEFCON Furs Moderation Practices

Date: April 8, 2023

To our dear community,

For a long time, we have tried to operate this chat by consensus, and with the belief that it took all types. As such, we have historically been slow to take action when there have been people in our community who were very obviously acting in bad faith, and who made members of our community – especially marginalized individuals – feel unwelcome and oppressed. 

Bluntly, we fucked up, and we've done so for years. This ends now.

Effective immediately, we have made the following changes to our moderation policies:

- Nazis, white supremacists, other bigots, and their sympathizers have no place in our community and will be removed on site. While it takes diversity for a community to thrive, it also takes tolerance and acceptance.

- Ad hominems or personal attacks, or arguing in bad faith, will warrant moderation action, which can vary from a warning to a ban depending on severity. 

- We will be using Grey Wolf Executrix for all moderation actions, except for a first "verbal" warning which may be given to an individual before a "written" warning (with the /warn command, publicly) is given. This will ensure that warnings, bans, and other moderation actions are public and transparent, as well as auditable by other moderators.

- Effective immediately, enabled by the moderation log features of Grey Wolf, moderators are empowered to operate independently. Since their actions are auditable, we can handle appeals and inappropriate moderation actions more effectively.

- We will be recruiting more moderators, especially in non-US timezones. We have a large, global community, and need to make sure that we have enough moderation coverage. If you are interested in moderating, please message @tele_steve or @junaos.

We know that this is only one step on the path to fixing the reputational damage that has been caused in our community, and we want to know what else we can do. If you have suggestions on further steps that we can take, please message @tele_steve or @junaos.


Signed,

The Hack Your Lives Board and Defcon Furs Moderation Team.
